Setup project structure based on our convention (#14)
nimblehq/react-templates: README.md

- [Getting Started](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started) – How to create a new app.
- [User Guide](https://create-react-app.dev) – How to develop apps bootstrapped with Create React App.

## Template structure

```
.
├── template
│   ├── public
│   │   ├── ...
│   ├── src
│   |   └── ...
│   ├── gitignore
│   └── README.md
├── .gitignore
├── LICENSE
├── package.json
├── README.md
└── template.json
```

We use `Typescript` by default for our React applications. Along with the standard files from a `create-react-app` 

> project, the folder structure in the `src` folder is created as per our project structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project, the folder structure in the `src` folder is created as per the
[React Conevention](https://nimblehq.co/compass/development/code-conventions/react/#project-structure).

```

Author: @noor-ahmed fixed in [d180505](https://github.com/nimblehq/react-templates/pull/14/commits/d1805051c58a4efaf844a97558566088ffb20734)
